fix: Issue #2415 (#2419)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Types.md

```
a := new T[] [t1, t2, t3, t4];
```
The initial values can also be initialized using a lambda expressions, as follows:
```
a := new int[5](i => i*i);
```

The length of an array is retrieved using the immutable `Length`

> member.  For example, the array allocated with `a := new int[5];` satisfies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
member.  For example, the array allocated with `a := new T[n];` satisfies:
```
